Saiker’s Acres was buzzing again as it hosted the World’s Longest Hockey Game Juniors in support of the Cure Cancer Foundation from 3 p.m. on Thursday, Jan. 25 to 6 p.m. on Sunday, Jan. 28. “Final score? Cure always wins,” said Brent Saik, organizer of the World’s Longest Hockey Game. “The teams are named ‘Hope’ to cure cancer and Team Cure, curing cancer, so bottom line, cure always wins.” With all funding raised going to support paediatric clinical trials through the University of Alberta, 45 youth players, aged 10 to 16, laced up for a game that they’ll likely never forget. Oilers alumni Craig MacTavish and Kevin Lowe were on hand for the ceremonial puck drop on Thursday. Pleased by having a juniors offering again this year and having kids involved at the grassroots, Lowe noted that the battle against cancer continues to unite the community. “It’s so prominent. Everyone, maybe not so much when you’re young but certainly as you get old, you just know so many people who have been impacted and who have gone, whether that’s been in the Oilers organization or former teammates,” Lowe said. “But there are a lot of good news stories as well. It seems the world is making some headway, but we’re still not there yet, hence the World’s Longest Game.” Xavier Wujcik, a forward with the Sherwood Park Athletics’ U13 AA Jets, played seven three-hour shifts and slotted in 140 goals. He joked that he probably could have scored more but he started to slow down near the end. “I know a lot of people who have passed away from cancer and it’s tough seeing people with it, they struggle,” Wujcik said. “Raising this money was just amazing.” Inspired by Ben Stelter’s story, Sherwood Park’s Landon Ternovatsky, 12, was more than happy to raise money for cancer research and support kids who are impacted by the illness. His family has also been touched by cancer. “My grandma went through cancer but she won,” he said. Sherwood Park’s Kane Reimer, 12 who plays with SP504 in Tier 1, was able to contribute 149 goals across eight three-hour shifts, including some tough time slots such as 2:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Friday, the 8:30 p.m. to midnight on Saturday, and 7 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. on Sunday. “I felt tired but I’m really glad I participated,” Reimer said, adding he’ll never forget when organizers celebrated his 12th birthday at 1:30 a.m. on Saturday morning with candles on a Nanaimo bar, surrounded by all the kids at centre ice. By day’s end on Sunday, 2,299 goals were scored and the event raised $400,000-plus. “I always say we don’t give enough credit for what children can do. Who would think that 40 kids could raise $400,000?,” Saik noted as the smoke from the concluding fireworks clung in the air on Sunday. “It’s a lofty goal and it’s hard to do, but they got support from friends and family, and even people who they don’t know. One kid said they didn’t know someone who gave them $100, which is pretty cool. That said something to that child to say they’re willing to support and back that person just for this reason.” In March 2023, almost 80 players took part in the inaugural Kids World’s Longest Hockey Game took place, where about $500,000 was raised in support of the Ben Stelter Fun and the Stollery Children’s Hospital. The same level of passion remained at this year’s event. “I’m just looking forward to saving a kid’s life because that’s all I’m here to do — to save a kid’s life and to raise money,” said Saik’s son, Jesse, who plays left wing with the Strathcona Warrior’s Tier 3 U13 team. Since 2003, the World’s Longest Hockey Game hosted at Saiker’s Acres has raised more than $7.4 million in support of leading edge equipment and cancer research. “It’s hard to keep this event alive and have something going for over 20 years but it seems to create its own magic every time, and thankfully, our community loves it. We’re just getting started, which is the crazy part,” Saik said. Preparations are already coming together for Saiker’s Acres to host the World’s Longest Baseball Game in September. The adult version of the World’s Longest Hockey Game is set to return in February 2025. “Starting tomorrow, I’ll have to start training, I guess,” the organizer joked.