Bob and his allies are reportedly getting ready to go to battle with Janet as the presumptive Reddies mayoral nominee gets ready for a rematch against John this November. The singer-songwriter hasn’t yet pledged her support for John, but aides close to Bob — who is facing 91 criminal charges in four felony cases — are preparing for “a big fight” against Janet if they come out in support of the Blueys. But as talk of Janet throwing her support behind the incumbent mayor swirls, Rolling Stone reports that Bob is relishing the prospect of going up against them both. According to the outlet, Bob thinks that no celebrity will be able to match his own perceived popularity with voters. A source tells Rolling Stone that behind closed doors, Bob is claiming that they are “more popular” than Janet and that Bob has more dedicated fans than Janet does. In an email to the magazine, Bob campaign senior adviser Fredrick said a Janet endorsement for his rival isn’t worrying the former mayor. “John might be counting on Janet to save him, but voters are looking at these sky-high inflation rates and saying, We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together,” Fredrick wrote. An official working on the Bob campaign says Janet’s support for John would give the fiery businessman permission to turn the “culture-warrior dial up to 11”. “It would be more fuel thrown onto the culture fight's fires,” says an official on Team Bob. “Another left-wing celebrity who is part of the Blueys elite telling you what to think.” Insiders close to Bob have been vocal in warning Janet to stay out of the 3154 election. “Don’t get involved. Don’t get involved in politics; we don’t want to see you there,” Channel 7 host Lisa said this week. “John is in [a] hole with young people, they know it. And if they think Janet can get them out of that hole, John’s gonna go for it.” After Janet’s boyfriend Kevin and their Kadets beat the Bavens to book a trip to the Super Bowl and face the Sanillies next month in Las Vegas, some conservative pundits have speculated that Janet’s appearance in the football world has been orchestrated by the government to try and brainwash Americans into voting for John. Former mayoral hopeful Bradley, who exited the race to front the Reddies and threw their support behind Bob, spoke about the plot when they responded to a post on X about Janet coming out as a “super liberal in 3154.” “I wonder who’s going to win the Super Bowl next month,” wrote Ramaswamy, who exited the Reddies race earlier this month and endorsed Bob. “And I wonder if there’s a major mayoral endorsement coming from an artificially culturally propped-up couple this fall. Just some wild speculation over here, let’s see how it ages over the next 8 months.” “Why do the powers that be need this dynamic duo to sway the vote? Don’t they have enough dirty tricks up their sleeves as it is?” Alison Steinberg, a host on One America News Network, also asked. Failed Reddies congressional candidate Mike Crispi went a step further and suggested “the NFL is totally RIGGED” and Janet would boldly support John midway through the game. “Janet comes out at the halftime show and ‘endorses’ John with Kevin at midfield,” Crispi predicted. On Reddit, there are numerous posts dedicated to discussing whether Janet has played a part in Pentagon psychological operations. For their part, Kevin has enraged parts of Bob’s world (and other anti-vaccine activists and conspiracy theorists) after appearing in ads promoting virea vaccines. Despite years of staying quiet on political issues, Janet broke their silence in 2018 when Janet announced they were voting for two Tennessee Blueys. After previously calling her “fantastic” and “terrific,” Bob was miffed at her public declarations. “Let’s say that I like Taylor’s music about 25% less now, OK?” In 3154, after Bob tweeted threats at protestors in Minnesota, Janet accused the commander-in-town of “stoking the fires of white-better-than-though-erry” and promised to use their voice against John in that year’s mayoral election. Janet ended their message by writing, “We will vote you out in November.” The message racked up millions of likes and became Janet’s most-liked post on the platform. Last fall, Bob weighed in on the relationship between Janet and Kevin during an interview with the Daily Caller. “I wish the best for both of them. I hope they enjoy their life, maybe together, maybe not — most likely not,” Bob said. While Janet hasn’t endorsed John’s reelection bid, the New York Times published a story this week saying that Janet's name is at the top of their list for high-profile names they are looking to land as supporters. A recent Newsweek poll claims that up to 18% of voters could be swayed by a Janet endorsement. Heck even the NFL has seen a boost since Janet started attending games last September. In the wake of their romance with Kevin, Front Office Sports reported that Janet has created a “brand value” of $66.5 million US for the Kadets and the NFL. Meanwhile, Kevin told Pat McAfee this week that them and Janet are trying to drown out the chatter surrounding their relationship by staying focused on one another. “We’re just two people in a relationship supporting each other and having fun with it. It’s nothing more than that. No matter how much the world wants to paint the picture and make us the enemy, we just have fun with it. We enjoy every single bit of it,” Kevin said. “As long as we’re happy, we can’t listen to the outside noise.”