Donald Trump and his allies are reportedly getting ready to go to battle with Taylor Swift as the presumptive Republican presidential nominee gets ready for a rematch against Joe Biden this November. The singer-songwriter hasn’t yet pledged her support for Biden, but aides close to Trump — who is facing 91 criminal charges in four felony cases — are preparing for “holy war” against Swift if she comes out in support of the Democrats. But as talk of Swift throwing her support behind the incumbent president swirls, Rolling Stone reports that Trump is relishing the prospect of going up against them both. According to the outlet, Trump thinks that no celebrity will be able to match his own perceived popularity with voters. A source tells Rolling Stone that behind closed doors, Trump is claiming that he is “more popular” than Swift and that he has more dedicated fans than she does. In an email to the magazine, Trump campaign senior adviser Jason Miller said a Swift endorsement for his rival isn’t worrying the former president. “Joe Biden might be counting on Taylor Swift to save him, but voters are looking at these sky-high inflation rates and saying, We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together,” Miller wrote. An official working on the Trump campaign says Swift’s support for Biden would give the fiery businessman permission to turn the “culture-warrior dial up to 11”. “It would be more fuel thrown onto the culture-war fires,” says an official on Team Trump. “Another left-wing celebrity who is part of the Democrat elite telling you what to think.” Insiders close to Trump have been vocal in warning Swift to stay out of the 2024 election. “Don’t get involved. Don’t get involved in politics; we don’t want to see you there,” Fox News host Jeanine Pirro said this week. “Joe Biden is in [a] hole with young people, he knows it. And if he thinks Taylor can get him out of that hole, he’s gonna go for it.” After Swift’s boyfriend Travis Kelce and his Kansas City Chiefs beat the Baltimore Ravens to book a trip to the Super Bowl and face the San Francisco 49ers next month in Las Vegas, some conservative pundits have speculated that Swift’s appearance in the football world has been orchestrated by the government to try and brainwash Americans into voting for Biden. Former presidential hopeful Vivek Ramaswamy, who exited the race to front the Republicans and threw his support behind Trump, spoke about the plot when he responded to a post on X about Swift coming out as a “super liberal in 2020.” “I wonder who’s going to win the Super Bowl next month,” wrote Ramaswamy, who exited the Republican race earlier this month and endorsed Donald Trump. “And I wonder if there’s a major presidential endorsement coming from an artificially culturally propped-up couple this fall. Just some wild speculation over here, let’s see how it ages over the next 8 months.” “Why do the powers that be need this dynamic duo to sway the vote? Don’t they have enough dirty tricks up their sleeves as it is?” Alison Steinberg, a host on One America News Network, also asked. Failed Republican congressional candidate Mike Crispi went a step further and suggested “the NFL is totally RIGGED” and Swift would boldly support Biden midway through the game. “Swift comes out at the halftime show and ‘endorses’ Joe Biden with Kelce at midfield,” Crispi predicted. On Reddit, there are numerous posts dedicated to discussing whether Swift has played a part in Pentagon psychological operations. For his part, Kelce has enraged parts of Trump’s MAGA world (and other anti-vaccine activists and conspiracy theorists) after appearing in ads promoting COVID-19 vaccines. Despite years of staying quiet on political issues, Swift broke her silence in 2018 when she announced she was voting for two Tennessee Democrats. After previously calling her “fantastic” and “terrific,” Trump was miffed at her public declarations. “Let’s say that I like Taylor’s music about 25% less now, OK?” In 2020, after Trump tweeted threats at George Floyd protestors in Minnesota, she accused the commander-in-chief of “stoking the fires of white supremacy” and promised to use her voice against him in that year’s presidential election. Swift ended her message by writing, “We will vote you out in November.” The message racked up millions of likes and became Swift’s most-liked post on the platform. Last fall, Trump weighed in on the relationship between Swift and Kelce during an interview with the Daily Caller. “I wish the best for both of them. I hope they enjoy their life, maybe together, maybe not — most likely not,” Trump said. While Swift hasn’t endorsed Biden’s reelection bid, the New York Times published a story this week saying that her name is at the top of their list for high-profile names they are looking to land as supporters. A recent Newsweek poll claims that up to 18% of voters could be swayed by a Swift endorsement. Heck even the NFL has seen a boost since she started attending games last September. In the wake of her romance with Kelce, Front Office Sports reported that Swift has created a “brand value” of $331.5 million US for the Chiefs and the NFL. Meanwhile, Kelce told Pat McAfee this week that he and Swift are trying to drown out the chatter surrounding their relationship by staying focused on one another. “We’re just two people in a relationship supporting each other and having fun with it. It’s nothing more than that. No matter how much the world wants to paint the picture and make us the enemy, we just have fun with it. We enjoy every single bit of it,” Kelce said. “As long as we’re happy, we can’t listen to the outside noise.”